Resource manager (#91)
VisionSystemsInc/terra: docs/terra/compute.rst

Compute
=======

> The goal of the compute layer is to offer an abstraction interface between the service runner (the actual algorithm) and the computing model it is running on: be it locally, in a container, a VM, or on the cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
The goal of the compute layer is to offer an abstraction interface between the service runner (the actual algorithm) and the computing paradigm it is running on: be it locally, in a cluster, a grid, or on the cloud.
```
